good
hello friends today we are going to teach you how
tighten a threaded direction
let's take this scooter and let's
first remove what is the handlebar
as you see this address now I would have
game you see this little game that
logically on top of the handlebar
you can see the whole thing , let's remove the
handlebars loosen the plan comment
that this of these directions if they are not
sealed address is a bad thing to say
they look like all the scooters in the world
worldwide any scooter that goes
mounted with a thread direction is
a normal thing has a maintenance
you will have to press it then
depending on the tricks you do and the
cane that you get when listening is worth
The first thing I always do is remove the
handlebar but you can remove or else
you can loosen up a bit, I'm worth it in this
case what I'm going to do is remove it for
that you see well as we press then what
that is the direction we remove the handlebar
we leave it a grade
and now we will need two keys the
problem is usually that there is not a
key is hard to find a key that
be so fine to be able to tighten the
nut down without touching the one above
ok we made these keys
that are special and you see bestial wolf
to be able to do this what we would do
it would be the first thing to press it again
again we loose the two
we loose the top one
As you can see I am loosening it and now with
the top one so separated we will tighten the
from below I usually down what
I do is tighten it tight with the
hand that only good is also that if not
you have such a fine key
the first thing is to press it so hard with
the hand is worth as you see right now
turn is hard is very hard not you
worry because then it will loosen up
we hold it tight with your hand
although it is that hard and now we press
the above
up we also tighten it with the
hand as strong as we can with the
hand is worth as you see it is still hard
and here is the trick that would be to do the
against nut so that it does not stay
neither so strong nor that moves we will take
with the key this and we will hold the
below and with this one above and what
we will do will press the top one and
make as if we loose the bottom one this
what it will do is that the nut down
exert a pressure with the one above and the
from above with the one below without bothering
the balls and releasing so that this
can rotate correctly
let's do it as you see the plight of
above
and we loose hold the bottom one as
if we check to see how it is now
it's a bit hard, we're still doing
OK
and thomas a
cut
perfect and now what we would do would be
and move on to ride as you see now
we have already removed this game so that the
scooter does not move absolutely nothing
we put the handlebar
Right
and we tighten well what are the
screws
it is important to tighten especially the two
the two screws below the one above
altogether
is the one that least less holds less
strength makes
but the two below are the ones that do
that the handlebar does not move
Well, as you can see, I can stand here
that we are the bank as you see
I am
I do not know
well we have our scooter
perfect
and that is not absolutely nothing moves
rotate perfectly
Well, I hope you liked it
this explanation and see you in the
next video